# food
A portal where Hotels/Restaurants/Fast Food centers (Subscribers) will register themselves and use this system to receive online orders from their customers. Subscribers can create their own menus, offers, terms and conditions etc which will be reflected to their registered users. Registered users can place food order on a particular subscriber's page, if that subscriber accepts the order it will be their sole responsibility to verify the customer, dispatch the order and receive the payments. If the subscriber rejects the order for any reason (He has to mention the reason in system during rejection process) the same order will be placed on global portal and other subscribers can claim the order and process further. Once they claim the order it cannot be rejected again. Customers can submit the ratings to each subscriber. Delivery update process is the Phase 2 requirement of this project. A back-end technology must be developed to suggest the most relevant match for menus of all subscribers. Subscribers will get access of web App and Customers will access the portal on website or Android App. Registration of customers will be on main portal while they can place order on any subscriber who is accessible by geographic conditions and who is satisfying the customer requirements. Category/sub-category (Veg / Non-Veg - Fast Food, Chinese, Dinning) of subscriber must be maintained. Subscriber must be able to generate Invoice and update the dispatch process. Customer order history, login history, subscriber wise rating and review, black listing option (customer and subscriber)
